so my plan for this week is to make a
youtube video every day and I'm kind of
exhausted already and it's only
wednesday so I'm going to take it easy
i'm just going to show you how i like to
eat an apple and I've actually developed
a really great method and I can enjoy it
and I can still eat the core and get
through the whole thing first thing you
got to do turn the apple upside down you
got to look at the bottom right there
and then just find a good place to start
what are you going to do next is you're
going to eat just the entire bottom then
you just eat a little bit more around
this part and then you get to the core
stop it stop that right now stop that
you sick maniac what are you doing stop
stop stop stop stop doing what you're
doing please you sick maybe I'll just
stop it I didn't do anything all right
look at yourself look at the lives
you've destroyed in the name of
entertainment how does it feel to murder
us for your own fun are you happy with
yourself how could someone like you even
hope to repay for your sins of murder of
murder murderer humorous murderer a
piece version iono fish cut up to shut
up no shut up to shut up oh my god oh my
god just kill me oh my god what did you
do to my legs
my legs out late why did you go to my
legs oh my god I'll pay I'll pay oh oh
my god I don't want to die like that
murderer you murderer you sick back my
husband sick man Parker murderer
oh don't do the girl I've done it again
no no get it again